This project uses a Raspberry Pi 3 Mode B as a sound sensor. A USB sound card
with microphone and a RJ45 cable are needed as peripheral. The application runs
periodically every second and take record from microphone at a sample rate of
16000 Hz. The sound is then calculated into 80 pieces of RMS value and displayed
as a bar chart on terminal screen. If communication is enabled (conditional
compilation), the sound will be re-calculated in to 8 pieces of Fast Level data
and sent out to a PHP server program.

List of Contents
1. Configuration instructions
2. Installation instructions
3. Operation instructions
4. File manifest
5. Copyright and license
6. Contact information

1. Configuration instructions
	Software:Putty
	Hardware:Raspberry Pi 3 Mode B, USB, Cat 6 Internet cable, Sound card, Microphone 

Check whether Curl library is already installed on the RPi by running the following command:
	
	~$ ls /usr/include/curl
	If it is not, install it by running the following commands:

	~$ sudo apt-get update
	~$ sudo apt-get install libcurl3
	~$ sudo apt-get install libcurl4-openssl-dev


	To install alsamixer:
	~$ sudo nano /etc/apt/sources.list
	Add the following line at the end of sources.list:
	
	Run:

	~$ sudo apt-get update
	~$ sudo apt-get install alsa-utils=1.0.25-4
	Reboot (if necessary).

	To test the sound quality:
	
	Run:

	~$ arecord -r44100 -c1 -f S16_LE -d5 test.wav
	Connect dynamic to the sound card. 
and to play ,Run:

	~$ aplay test.wav

2. Installation instructions
	The installation of the program requires a screen and a HDMI cable connected to the screen. 
	First we need to run Linux system and then change the default configuration by entering some codes.
	Afterwards, only raspberry Pi and Ethernet cable should be connected to computer.

3. Operating Instruction

Run "make" command to compile all the files and run "./sound.out"
for running the program. You can also open "testcurl.txt" for accessing
the recorded results

4. List of Files
	- README : here are few instruction about this project
	- comm.c : the communication part of the project
	- comm.h : to perform libcurl communication and send file to sound.php
	- main.c : contains the main() function and all other function
	- makefile : to execute the whole project
	- screen.c : the displaying part of the project
	- screen.h : All the header file of screen.c
	- sound.c : analyzes the sound
	- sound.h : all the header file of the sound.c
	- sound.php : the data receiving page from the project
	- testcurl.c : the communication file for sending data.

6.Contact Information

	Name: Mohammod Arafat Mollik	
	Email:arafathossain923@gmail.com
	Mobile:0449187712

7.Credits and acknowledgments

	Authors:
	Mohammod Arafat Mollik - Initial work – Arafatmollik1(GitHub profile)
	Used resources:
	Wikimedia Foundation Inc., Wikipedia - Encyclopedia materials - wikipedia.org
	Used code
	curl/curl.h - Data transmission from the RPi to the server - curl.haxx.se
